right yeah i recording gila claiming
lead duties here do you want me to walk
us through the agenda or what are you
feeling up to an agenda walk I suppose
see hey Terri Chadbourne state away my
lease commenting in the video in the
documentation okay
so let me paste the notes link back into
this chat
Oh Molly you found us good
all right so let's start from the end
because I have pasted notes and no one
else does have time to face notes yet so
whatever you want to just take a couple
of minutes to paste in updates let's
take two minutes to paste in updates in
the box for anything that you've worked
on they're broken down by these
recurring items so you can pop any
updates under the write goals
just play the jeopardy theme song in the
background while you work on no one is
actually typing shall I just share my
personal updates yes I will do that okay
and Diego how can i play let's go
through anything so on the protocol
friend um this thing this is the twin
stuff and some complexes as we go so
last week we merged the PR that news our
analytics from Google Analytics to
countly currently has more sort of
addresses privacy concerns because we
keep the data as the school keeping the
data at the moment there is like a
cross-site tracking issue because it's
supposed to account later ipfs IO
instead of proto dot school so we're
working on working out that case but for
right now it only affects like people
using Safari who didn't uncheck the box
that kind of thing so we're still
getting most of the results a lot of our
traffic looks like it's coming from both
the newsletter
and back sites and blog so there's some
some nice information on sources and
where people are from and all that jazz
and we can now part of the part of the
big goal was to make sure we can track
individual pages in the single page
application so we can now see that
people are visiting the third lesson in
the em FS tutorial that kind of thing so
that happened still have updates to do
the other thing that we'll add in there
is the event tracking so we can figure
out whatever you want to about people
click the reset button or they chose to
view the solution or whatever for how
difficult things are the other was
putting some final touches on his
refactor of components breaking out into
much smaller components which is going
to make it a lot easier when we go to
add support for new things like live PDP
lessons so that's almost done as a with
that as a dependency we'll be finishing
up the multiple-choice lesson format so
people will be able to have that as an
option particularly good first stuff
that's less technical or doesn't work in
JavaScript coding exercises and then the
one of the big things I've been doing
which Ellen has helped me push things
through is - there's an open issue in
the proto school repo about adding links
to proto school there's separate one
about adding links out but on the the
front of adding things in I've been
adding links to various documentation
it's mostly in like the API Doc's or
there's examples or like tutorial
sections in the github part of our
documentation so those are very easy to
make changes to the two things that I'm
attempting to do now which are harder to
do for me in particular based on my mind
of the assistance is ipfs IO and J asta
ipfs IO we want to surface proto school
there but they're built in like Cathy or
Hugo or have trans effects built in and
you can't put links in the middle of
strings and I'm running into a variety
of things that make it harder than I was
imagining it being so um those are two
things that I intend to do upcoming so
that was kind of cross between the proto
school bucket and the hotfix bucket and
then Eric and I did sit down and look at
a
and hub because right now most the
issues that we're gonna work on in this
team are either the IP FS - Doc's board
or the proto school board but a huge
percentage of the stuff on the proto
school board has absolutely nothing to
do with these team suffered so we have
an idea for how to make that work but we
can chat with Jessica when she's back
because it's it will only work well if
it if it works well on her site for a
different thing so this concludes my
section do what do you think we should
add what have I missed
I think that's it I'm not seeing new
items in here isn't it rule yes Alan
okay I had a couple of questions on the
countly analytics you said you've got
like per page analytics is there is
there any plans to get like more more
granular with that so that we can kind
of see where people are stumbling or you
know just so that we have an idea of
what's a bit more of an idea of what
people are actually doing on there on in
the tutorials yeah so I'm still looking
at how to execute it in countly but one
of the things so one thing that I
imagine can be done that it's it may
just be me not knowing yet how to do it
it's presumably we can see like they
went from the tutorials page to this one
I assumed there'd be a way to track a
user through like what order they go
through
I just haven't explored it might already
exists and I just don't know it the
other thing is that event tracking so
Gyo go and I have already dropped some
comments in our functions and protocool
where it's like this would be an
opportunity to track that they clicked
to reset the code which would be a sign
but the lesson is harder as would
clicking on view solution we might be
able to do something as complex as they
clicked on submit three times before
they successfully submitted a right
answer so there's stuff like that that I
think will help us with what's the most
difficult what's easy um did you have
anything else in mind that wouldn't be
captured no no I think I think that's
good and it's not only the difficulty of
the tutorial but it can also help inform
us it you know it is the API any good is
it is it just difficult to use that
would be really useful as well yeah um I
had another question the links and
things that you submitted as PRS over
the last week is there like in it so I
only see the stuff that you sent to me
but is there like an equivalent thing
you can do for on the Kauai DFS
well it's a good question because
technically I don't have content about
like I don't have coding challenges
about go ipfs because they can't be
supported so we might be able to find
places that are relevant to link to like
underlying concepts decentralized data
structures like the just reading ones I
don't know to be honest I haven't hooked
around those re posts do you think it's
worth adding stuff in there as well
maybe yeah
like I know understand that it's all
kind of Jair space the MF s in general
is very similar and how it works and and
even how you use it like all the
commands that they're very similar to
what you'd find it I go yeah I think it
would be valuable and yeah if you can
get even more general you know tutorials
for the D webinar generally you know as
well just more traffic straight to
school and more kind of impact for more
ways of kind of educating people about
it and I imagine go ipfs has more more
traffic than than JSI BFS does in anyway
so that may be true
anyway this link is here so all the kind
of links into proto school are tracked
in here and when I'm in one of those
things in another repo I had a reference
to this one so then you see the little
like open or merged or whatever button
so if anybody wants to look at where I
have done stuff you can go into this
issue and see where those links are yeah
more questions on protocol stuff for
stuff you wanted to add you ever okay
does anyone else have updates they
wanted to share today that we don't see
in the document
you know just go and pour shower out so
I'm sure we'll have an update on content
on it from Portia and she's back
anything did Chris end up on by phone or
no he's in the document you know Obama
and Jessica's working on hiring
obviously all of us should be helping to
share her job listings and such but
for Sony how fixes anyone else made any
exciting hot fixes speak or not
so notice there was a person who
commented across a number of Doc's
issues recently which is awesome someone
who wants to help pick some things up I
think to the extent that we can like
help figure out which things like you
know doing a first visual pass for the
quiz seems pretty accessible ever for
someone who wants to pick it up and make
some quick wireframes
I don't know what this person's
background is but like again if if
someone can take in an extra item to
like make sure that there's a couple of
getting started issues that they could
start contributing to I think that'd be
super awesome
I think Eric you were you are plussed
into that particular issue Oh being like
hey if you want to do that uh that mock
up talk to Eric yeah I saw that that was
cool she timed in on an issue that's
blocked wanted one of them sorry about
my my dog is not bark once until this
very second um but so one other things I
want to do to unblock is work on the
question start start to work on the
question tree the question that would go
on the homepage for ipfs IO and this
week frankly beginning in earnest with
this with these flippin q3 okay hearts
for me which I've been personally
blocked by largely by the PL Research
website which I'm gonna post an update
to today and and maybe interweave that
work going forward as opposed to let
thing get black me I think I'm at a
point where I can do that
okay anything you've been working on
Eric specifically that's relevant to the
box yeah aside from that nothing and
being blocked by also or interrupted
intermittently by the family medical
ongoing
which was like a day and I'm almost a
day and a half last week and we'll be a
big chunk of tomorrow and aside from
that hopefully will be would be in a
much better place definitely deal with
us at first are you okay with taking
this action item of trying to figure out
whether that contributor is appropriate
for this I'm not I wasn't tagged on the
issue but if you can circle back and see
whether that's a good fit it'd be
awesome anything else people want to
chuck about we have eight minutes left
but you can certainly drop earliest have
a good contingent that can't make it
today
right shall we call it
ah thanks everyone
have a lovely week or evening whatever
you plan to have next have a good one
you know like see you later